content/saratoga/h1.md, before:

---
title: h1
description: Primary headline on story pages, video pages and video playlists. Lead
  headline on homepage and section pages.
menu: atom
---
Default browser spacing for the `<h1>` atom should be used unless specifically set at the molecule or organism level. Doing so reduces bloat, given that this atom is used in many scenarios, and allows for cascading to apply properly at that level.

#### Example
<div>
  <h1>Jayhawks back in town, start practicing for Saturday’s Eastern Michigan game</h1>
</div>

#### RULES

Property | Value
--- | ---
Typeface | McClatchy Serif
Weight | 600
Size | 30px
Line height | 1.2em
Case | Sentence
Letter spacing | Default

#### Additional rules
This headline style indicates the most important content on the page (when big news or immersive template is not applied). This style should be used sparingly to establish and maintain hierarchy across all pages in the design system. E.g., on the homepage, this style is only used twice–on the featured story and in-depth card. On section fronts, it is used up to three times–page title, featured story and in-depth card (if used). 

#### More examples
Homepage: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/13696057/285565041/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/13696072/285563064/preview)  
Sections: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180335/315619120/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180358/315619455/preview)  
Topics: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180335/315619159/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180358/315619497/preview)  
Story: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/14645347/306714404/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/14656268/304778515/preview)

Commit message:

fixing tables in story-body

content/saratoga/h1.md, after:

---
title: h1
description: Primary headline on story pages, video pages and video playlists. Lead
  headline on homepage and section pages.
menu: atom
---
Default browser spacing for the `<h1>` atom should be used unless specifically set at the molecule or organism level. Doing so reduces bloat, given that this atom is used in many scenarios, and allows for cascading to apply properly at that level.

#### Example
<h1 class="serif" style="text-transform:none; font-weight:400;">Jayhawks back in town, start practicing for Saturday’s Eastern Michigan game</h1>

#### RULES

Property | Value
--- | ---
Typeface | McClatchy Serif
Weight | 600
Size | 30px
Line height | 1.2em
Case | Sentence
Letter spacing | Default

## Story body rules

In the story body, when added through the CMS system, subheads have an alternative appearance.

#### EXAMPLE

# Jayhawks back in town, start practicing for Saturday’s Eastern Michigan game

## Additional rules
This headline style indicates the most important content on the page (when big news or immersive template is not applied). This style should be used sparingly to establish and maintain hierarchy across all pages in the design system. E.g., on the homepage, this style is only used twice–on the featured story and in-depth card. On section fronts, it is used up to three times–page title, featured story and in-depth card (if used). 

#### More examples
Homepage: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/13696057/285565041/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/13696072/285563064/preview)  
Sections: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180335/315619120/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180358/315619455/preview)  
Topics: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180335/315619159/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/15180358/315619497/preview)  
Story: [desktop](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/14645347/306714404/preview) | [mobile](https://mcclatchy.invisionapp.com/d/main#/console/14656268/304778515/preview)
